EZEE-3489 - Update a schema for new entity managers (#1350)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/updating/4_update_3.2.md

    During database update, you have to go through all the changes between your current version and your final version
    **for example, when you update from v2.2 to v2.5, you have to perform all the steps from: <2.3, <2.4 and <2.5**.
    The database will work properly only if you apply all the required changes.

!!! caution "Updating a schema for entity managers"

>     If you are updating to v3.2.6, after you complete the procedure, do the steps described in the [Update entity managers](#update-entity-managers) section to update the GraphQL schema that is generated from your repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are updating to v3.2.6, after you complete the procedure,
    do the steps described in the [Update entity managers](#update-entity-managers) section
    to update the GraphQL schema that is generated from your Repository.
```

    `psql <database_name> < upgrade/db/postgresql/ezplatform-3.1.0-to-3.2.0.sql`

## Update entity managers

Version v3.2.6 introduces new entity managers.
To ensure that they work in multi-repository setups, you must update the GraphQL schema.
You do this manually by following this procedure:

> 1. Update your project to v3.2.6 and check if the container has been built. If not, run the `php bin/console cache:clear` command to generate the container.

Reviewer: Can we quickly explain how you "check if the container has been built", or can we assume this is clear for the audience?

> 1. Update your project to v3.2.6 and check if the container has been built. If not, run the `php bin/console cache:clear` command to generate the container.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Update your project to v3.2.6 and run the `php bin/console cache:clear` command to generate the [service container](../guide/service_container.md).
```

1. Run the following command to discover the names of the new entity managers. 
    Take note of the names that you discover:

    `php bin/console debug:container --parameter=doctrine.entity_managers --format=json | grep ibexa_`

> 1. For every entity manager prefixed with "ibexa_", run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For every entity manager prefixed with `ibexa_`, run the following command:
```

    `php bin/console doctrine:schema:update --em=<ENTITY_MANAGER_NAME> --dump-sql`
  
1. Review the queries and ensure that there are no harmful changes that could affect your data.

> 1. For every entity manager prefixed with "ibexa_", run the following command to run queries on the database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For every entity manager prefixed with `ibexa_`, run the following command to run queries on the database:
```
